docs(examples): add `graphql` to `dependencies` of `graphql-api` example (#3042)
remix-run/remix: examples/graphql-api/README.md

## Setup

- Setup the `GRAPHQL_API` environment variable

>   - See the [Remix docs](/docs/en/v1/guides/envvars) for some suggested patterns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - See the [Remix docs](https://remix.run/docs/guides/envvars) for some suggested patterns
```
